# CS304-1
This project was created for my CS 231 course at JSU. It was my first project in C++ and is therefore very basic. The program was created for practice with the creation of variables and he use of mathematical operators, which in this case will perform calculations and produce results based on input received from the user. 
When the code is compiled and ran, the user is prompted to enter some number of coins. It begins with pennies, working its way through each type of coin in the U.S. currency, and finishing on half-dollar and dollar coins. As the user inputs the number of each type of coin, the program adds the user input to a variable of an integer type. Each integer value is named according to the type of coin that corresponds with it (for example, “num_penny” is linked to the total number of pennies). After the user has input the total number of each type of coin, the program outputs the total quantity of each coin in descending order of coin value. 
Once the program has finished accepting input and has repeated the user input in the form of individualized coin values, it multiplies the input values by the coin’s real-world value. Pennies are skipped, as they are only worth one cent by themselves, so there is no need for any mathematical operator. Nickels are multiplied by 5, dimes by 10, quarters by 25, half dollars by 50, and dollars by 100. While this is not exactly the coins real world value (dimes are not worth five dollars), this potential mathematical error is solved in the final step. 
Once the program has performed the multiplication step on the number of each individual coin inputs, the individual coins are all combined into a new variable “total”. This new variable simply adds up all the values into one single variable for it to be easier to implement in future computations. 
After the total is calculated, the program outputs the value of all the coins by printing the value statement in dollars. The final step for the program is to take the total value and divide it by 100, as all the values were multiplied by whole numbers, which would have caused the number to be off by a few decimal places. 
